Codec server updates (#2000)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/concepts/what-is-a-codec-server.md

#### Usage

When you apply custom encoding with encryption or compression on your Workflow data, it is stored in the encrypted/compressed format on the Temporal Server. For details on what data is encoded, see [Data encryption](/production-readiness/develop#data-encryption).

> To see decoded data when using the CLI or Web UI to perform some operations on a Workflow Execution you can configure an endpoint for a Codec Server. The CLI or Web UI will send the encoded data received from the Temporal Server to the Codec Server to be decoded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see decoded data when using the CLI or Web UI to perform some operations on a Workflow Execution, you can configure an endpoint for a Codec Server.
The CLI or Web UI sends encoded data received from the Temporal Server to the Codec Server to be decoded.
```

> For details on creating your Codec Server, see [Codec Server](/production-readiness/develop#codec-server-setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on creating your Codec Server, see [Codec Server Setup](/production-readiness/develop#codec-server-setup).
```

#### Usage

When you apply custom encoding with encryption or compression on your Workflow data, it is stored in the encrypted/compressed format on the Temporal Server. For details on what data is encoded, see [Data encryption](/production-readiness/develop#data-encryption).

> To see decoded data when using CLI or the Web UI to perform some operations on a Workflow Execution, you can configure the exposed Codec Server endpoints to remotely decode data received from the Temporal Server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see decoded data when using the CLI or Web UI to perform some operations on a Workflow Execution you can configure an endpoint for a Codec Server. The CLI or Web UI will send the encoded data received from the Temporal Server to the Codec Server to be decoded.
```

For details on creating your Codec Server, see [Codec Server](/production-readiness/develop#how-to-set-up-codec-server).

> After you start your Codec Server, [configure your Codec Server endpoints](/production-readiness/develop#how-to-set-up-codec-server) to decode the encoded data to its original format when viewed from the Web UI or tctl.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you start your Codec Server, [configure your Codec Server endpoints](/production-readiness/develop#how-to-set-up-codec-server).
```

> You can set your Codec Server endpoints to encode data sent to the Temporal Server (see [Remote data encoding](/concepts/what-is-remote-data-encoding)).

Reviewer 3: why this is resolved? I still see the line present

> You can set your Codec Server endpoints to encode data sent to the Temporal Server (see [Remote data encoding](/concepts/what-is-remote-data-encoding)).

Author: this is removed.

> However, before you use a Codec Server to encode your data, ensure that you consider all the security implications of running codecs remotely.

Reviewer 2: The Codec Server does not encode data. I suggest dropping this warning from here, it's present on the prod readiness page.
